hey how's it going Dave 2d here and in
front of me are three wireless earbuds
that don't suck everyone knows this one
the Apple earpods these are great I
would consider these to be one of
Apple's best products from this year but
there's three issues with them first
they're expensive $160 is a lot of money
for any kind of wireless earphones and
secondly they fall out pretty easily
when I'm running with them or if I'm
doing anything active if I have them my
ear if I'm like moving my head a little
too much they will fall off and I think
a lot of people have that issue now I
know there are third-party products you
can kind of hook up to it to make it
stay in your ear but if you don't have
them they fall out pretty readily but
the thing that I think is kind of
universally known is that they are
pretty ugly in your ear so they've been
around for like what six seven months
now maybe more and still when people
have them their ears they just look they
just don't look good it's very iconic
it's like the super ugly Apple q-tips
and I just don't like the way they look
so I have found two I guess new products
that have come out that I've been
testing that I like a lot and let's go
through them so the first one is a solo
Liberty plus I should take these out
right here Zelo Liberty plus so these
are I guess the second generation of
their wireless earbuds this is like the
parent company - this is anchor that you
normally make like battery packs and
charging devices but they make some good
wireless earbuds now the original
wireless Liberty were not great I had
connectivity issues these new ones don't
and I think that's a really important
thing when it comes to any kind of
wireless device if it ever drops
connection like to me that just makes me
not like the product but these ones do
not have connectivity issues they're
very reliable and that's one of the
great things about the Apple earpods
so the liberty plus comes in this pretty
premium looking box it's all metal and
it's heavy it definitely has some weight
to it and I think a lot of that weight
comes from the battery it does have a
relatively large battery in there and I
think the aesthetic of the earbuds
themself look nice it's a larger design
than the Apple earpods but there's no
appendage so you don't have that q-tip
look going and I would say that the unit
is kind of bulky like it's just bulkier
than the air pods but they don't feel
heavy I'm going to put them your ear you
don't notice their weight or anything
like that
the connection is good it's very easy to
pair and setup with your phone and I
find that the audio is good not amazing
though I don't find that any of these
have amazing audio I think that these
are slightly ever so slightly better
than the air pods but again similar
sound quality between the three and when
it comes to fit the liberty plus has
these rubber tips that you can attach to
it and I find that they fit my ears
really well obviously everyone's gonna
have a different ear shape or ear size
so everyone's gonna have a different
experience with this but they work well
for me all right some other thoughts I
don't like how this thing uses micro USB
to charge its 2017 and this things made
by anchor right anchor has a ton of use
bc products just find it really weird
that they would use micro USB on this
device so if you're unfamiliar with how
these things work or just how any of
these things work it's like you have
this case that holds a battery and then
the wireless earbuds themselves have
batteries inside them so you use them
for a few hours and then when you're
done when those things are depleted or
just when you're done using them you put
them back on the case and the case has a
battery inside and that in turn charges
the batteries inside the little earbuds
so you gotta charge this thing pretty
frequently it's just really weird that
they use micro USB in late 2017 that's a
bit of a bummer but the thing I do like
about this thing a lot is how easy it is
to put the actual earbuds into the case
and I know it sounds like really simple
because we've seen the air pods they do
it really well you just drop it in and
it works perfectly same thing with these
guys you just put it in there's no
fiddling around as long as we have the
left and right one sorted out you just
drop it in and you're good to go
now when it comes to battery life they
claim three and a half hours per charge
for the earbuds I'm actually getting
closer to four hours and then you can
get up to 48 hours of use just by
charging it up through the case which is
a relatively long lasting set up okay
let's talk about this thing this is the
crazy baby air Nano that is a mouthful
of a name this is a much less premium
feeling case it's definitely has more
plastic to it and it just feels a little
more flimsy but the product is good so
this thing uses use PC to charge which I
love but there's definitely a less
premium vibe to this casing it's not
super cheap or anything but it's not as
good as this thing this is all metal
this is all plastic and even compared to
the air plastic this is a polycarbonate
case it's very plastic case obviously
but it does feel more
no just feels more refined this is
definitely more flimsy okay the actual
devices themselves they come out readily
and they're small so these are white
these come in a bunch of colors but I
got the ones in white but strangely
enough these don't stick out like a sore
thumb when you wear them in your ear and
I think part of it or big part of it is
that they don't have the appendage like
the air paws these just sit in your ear
and they look normal to me but if you
want you can get them in a bunch of
different colors in terms of fit again
it comes with a bunch of rubber tips and
rubber hooks that you can use to make
this thing more custom to your ear
but I don't find these as comfortable
for my ear but everyone's gonna be a
little bit different audio quality again
is good not amazing but its ear buds
right unless you're paying huge amounts
of money you're never gonna get great
audio quality from ear buds especially
not wireless ones but these ones I would
actually say are the worst of the three
just by a bare amount I mean they're all
very similar but if I had to just label
them in terms of rank I would say Zolo
sounds the best buy a little bit ear
pods in the middle and then the air nano
lasts now battery life friend these are
short relatively short these are three
hours and I'm getting maybe a little bit
more but close to three hours but
charging these things are not my
favorite things so when you open up the
case unlike the other two you have to
line these up quite well to get them to
charge properly now it's not so much an
issue of getting used to it because I've
been using for a while it's more about
just how the charging mechanism works
you have to place it and kind of rotate
it perfectly and it's just hard to line
it up each time but it's not bad it's
still relatively easy to charge all of
these I do like the size and the Nano
air it's a very small and clean looking
device when you have it in your ear it's
just unobtrusive and then same thing
when it's in the case it's just a
relatively small and lightweight case
it's just smaller and lighter than the
case on the liberty place so all three
of these are relatively good options I
don't think you can go wrong with either
of them here's a comparison chart so you
can ask make your own decision but to
wrap it up if you're an Apple user and
you have 160 dollars to spare the Apple
earpods are an obvious choice but if
you're not and you want to spend a
little bit less money in your earbuds
these two are great options okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it sub ZB love to see you guys
next time